hi I'm Carrie Zaretsky from French
Revolution food calm and I'm going to
show you how to make the perfect
parisian croque monsieur so here's what
you'll need to make for giant cook
Monsieur four slices from one loaf of
white sandwich bread that has been cut
the wrong way so the long way one
tablespoon of unsalted butter 1
tablespoon of all-purpose flour 1 cup of
whole milk one-and-a-half tablespoons of
Dijon mustard 5 ounces of grated Gruyere
cheese a pinch of ground nutmeg some
salt and pepper to taste eight slices of
black forest ham and as many corner
shelves as you want so we're going to
start on our giant hook miss Tia and
coke Mesilla is just a fancy way of
saying the best ham and cheese sandwich
ever so we're going to start off with
our bread I've just toasted it under the
broiler one minute on each side so we
leave this aside for a minute and turn
our attention to the morn a soft I put
the pot on medium low heat I'm added 1
tablespoon of unsalted butter now I'm
going to whisk in 1 tablespoon of flour
and this just thickens up the sauce
we're going to cook it for about 30 to
60 seconds until it bubbles up and they
just smell like baking cookies I'm just
going to add 1 cup of milk no skim milk
in this recipe leave this on medium heat
step 3 to 5 minutes whisking every now
and again until get my said bit you can
tell it's thick enough because if I run
my finger down the back of a spoon it
stays separated add about a tablespoon
and a half of Dijon mustard which goes
so well with ham whisk it in then secret
ingredient a pinch of ground nutmeg
finally about one ounce of the Greer
we're going to assemble our coke Mesilla
got two slices per sandwich have our
sauce we're just going to pour it all
over the top of the sandwich sprinkle it
with great agree air so we're going to
run this under the broiler just for a
few minutes until the cheese bubbles up
beautiful she's hot
welcome